Save a warmed R package cache for faster installs in failing Actions (#695)
r-lib/actions: setup-r-dependencies/README.md

Inputs available

> - `cache` - default `true`. Whether packages should be cached across runs or

Author: ```suggestion
- `cache` - default `"always"`. Whether packages should be cached across runs or
```

Reviewer: I'll remove the pruning from this PR, so let's keep this opt-in.

  you need quoting. Defaults to `FALSE`.
- `working-directory` - default `'.'`. If the DESCRIPTION file is not in the
  root directory of your repository.

> - `prune` - default `true`. Used when `cache="always"`. Whether to prune the R
>   library of packages not found within the lock file used for installation.

Author: ```suggestion
- `prune` - default `true`. Used when `cache="always"`. Whether to prune the R packages not found within the lock file used during installation.
```

  you need quoting. Defaults to `FALSE`.
- `working-directory` - default `'.'`. If the DESCRIPTION file is not in the
  root directory of your repository.

> - `prune` - default `true`. Used when `cache="always"`. Whether to prune the R packages not found within the lock file used during installation.

Author: ```suggestion
- `prune` - default `true`. Whether to prune the R packages not found within the lock file used during installation.
```
